To do
-----

CRITICAL
********

Actions and calendars:

Calling:

Campaign:

Data migration:
DONE - Change existing communication status' in new biz db to new status'
DONE - Check that sub-cat tiers are being imported
DONE - Don't add tiers to top level cats - added as 0
DONE - Use cleaned counties and countries
Use existing regions?
Wins/Briefs
Add company characteristics for T/O and Employee bandings
DONE - For any non-current clients, ensure that no NBMs have access rights assigned
DONE - Remove any *NP* project refs (these are blank)
DONE - Import information requests as post initiative actions
DONE - Use new targeting information

Disciplines:

Filters:
Add existing filter fields as per current filter builder (Information requests?, Post return date, Lead source))

Hardware:
Check all machines can display correct resolution - Rob to talk to Octopus about 3 graphics cards to display at 

Information Requests:

Misc:
RBAC
Propensity calculations - overnight and on communication log
Status re-calculations - overnight

Meetings:
Printed meeting notes
Change meeting note font to Georgia

Reports:

Searches:

Workspace:
Can't add new characteristics to a company or a post
When editing a post we should refresh details on post screen
Can't see a characteristic which is element_boolean - eg company turnover

NON-CRITICAL
************

Delete last call
CTI
Data import/export facility
Linked companies
Post mergers
Dedupe posts
Delete client
Bulk project ref'ing - from filter and searches
Prospect geographic proximity

Check if post vacations are adding notes to post_initiative_notes and post_notes tables


Look at improving filter statistics response for very large filters
Company disciplines (calculated from post disciplines)
Filters - add field for incumbent agency name
Export from searches and filters
Need to check why when adding an additional 12 months to campaign targets, the twelth month is labelled as 11 (11 is correctly created)
Document library
Mailing from db
Reminder pop-ups

Searches:
Incumbent Agency - search by agency name
Characteristics

Workspace:
'Show all notes' for a company button should show for the initiative_id in the currently selected post_initiative_id screen, not the 
	default initiative list (currently not working - hangs on return from Ajax call)

COMPLETED:
**********

Campaign:
Company Do Not Call list
Targets - need to record history
Create clients/campaigns
Add initiatives to campaigns
Campaign NBMs - change deactivated date references
NBM monthly planner - add to second tab
Action resources need to be recorded

Calling:
Next action
Non-eff call - check next action by updates to last selected - not just Alchemis
Standard notes
Check that can't have a Fresh Lead with an effective

Disciplines:
Add validation on disciplines grid for review date (so that the user has to complete both parts of the date)

Filters:
Add DM options (per discpline?)
Add category info
Performance - need to be faster. Remove additional call stats
Need to be able to save against a client record - ie so all NBMS for that client can see it
Global and client and personal
Edit name on filter builder page
Save As only if user didn't create filter
Additional results view for Company/Post
Additional information on client/initiative view - see notes from meeting with Dave
Add scroll bars to parameters section - otherwise they drop off bottom of screen and can't be accessed
Add new filters to top of list
Validation on brackets
Results formats not being retained (on create)
Check results formats allow access to correct post_initiative record
Add 'Today's date' field



Information requests:
Creating information requests
Add action check to communication screen

Meetings:
Meeting feedback score & NBM prediction score
Add meeting action checks to communication screen
Add location field - confirm with Dave what options should be - or just plain text?
Confirmation actions - need to be able to mark as completed on the edit page

Misc:
NBM client access rights (see note on filter building in discussion area below)
Post Update Notes
Post Notes
Add Non-Effective call buttons
Project ref'ing
Decision Maker info
Post disciplines
Post agency user - relates to post disciplines
Review dates - relates to post disciplines
Post agencies - need consider data import options - how do we match?
User admin

Reports:
Client reports
Amanda report

Searches:
Project ref
Brand - by brand name?
Contact searches - check - need First name starts with, but this could be covered by full name starts
	with - check if OK. Was OK - but full_names not populated in database
Client/Company

Workspace:
Edit post intiative notes - needs to be done via separate screen in info pane - NO. InLine editor OK.
Edit post intiative comments
Ability to add 'manual note' to client records
Add number of notes for company and post next to revelant icon in menu bars
Make sure FilterWorkspace.tpl has same changes as SearchWorkspace.tpl


---------------------
To ask Ian
---------------------
Use of apostrophes in Javascript eg callFunction('David's', 123); will produce a JS error. Is there a SMARTY
way round this? Couldn't immediately see one.

Post Incumbent Agency - deletions don't seem to be going through to shadow table. Inserts are OK.

Questions
---------
* Should campaign target sectors be at 'top' level or at 'sub-cat' level?
* Do we need a research front-end??

To discuss
----------
* When a filter is built using any post initiative fields then the results need to be restricted to those clients/posts to whom the NBM has access rights.
If a filter is only built using company and post information then we don't need to apply the same access rights since the filter parameters are not specific 
to any one client.

* Have set up campaign targets from 2007/01. We need to agree on what date we should start the campaign information from. Suggest make it 200701 and we will 
curtail the tbl_data_statistic table to only report data from that period. Need list of any client which have been (or were) current since 200701 - and the targets
for each of them. It might be easier to populate this information using the test system rather than producing spreadsheets (we can capture the information at some 
point before going live).

* How do we present merger notes?

* Need to get a list of lead sources

Agreed
------
* If a client has more than one discipline, when logging a call, is it OK to have just one DM checkbox, or do we need one for each discipline? 
If we have more than one, against each discipline should we have a dropdown for DM ('yes', 'no' and 'don't know', followed by a dropdown for agency user 
(with same options)? ANSWER - done as part of the disciplines grid in
the call screen

* Do we need to have agency name selection made during the call - would be easier to have it done outside the call. This is because its going to be a more
complex process than just typing a name - the user will be selecting a prospect company from the Alchemis database (or adding a new one if none exist). 
Again, if a client has more than one displine, do we need to repeat this process for each discipline? ANSWER - done as part of the disciplines grid in
the call screen

* Does the log non-effective call button need to allow the user to change status? No. Agreed with Dave N.




